right so what's the probability of
getting a particular model score given a
particular configuration of the hyper
parameters so this is ultimately what we
want to find out but we want to find
this we want to find the configuration
that gives the maximum or minimum
depending on the objective giving the
what is the configuration that gives the
maximum model score but at the same time
we don't have the liberty of trying out
all of these iterations all of these
configurations possible Right the number
of iterations or the number of
iterations means training here each
training process is what we refer to as
iteration the number of iterations is
something that we want to reduce so we
want to achieve this objective with
minimum number of iterations how do we
do this this essentially boils down into
four steps first we need a surrogate
model surrogate model is nothing but the
model where we predict the model score
or the objective function whatever we
want to call it so predict the objective
function given a particular
configuration of hyper parameters right